I'll go first. He doesn't want to spend it with you when he has money.
It's even more exaggerated. There is trust.
But if you pretend to be poor and deceive me, I will do it.
It turns out I'm sorry. I won’t tell you today.
Don't move. Don't wait for me!
I invite you to come to your you. No, no,
I told you to come over, but you didn’t bring me with you.
I, I, am I just worried that you are busy?
Take a seat. You,
I care about you too much and am afraid that you will run away because of so much money.
Did you and I choose you? Did you?
Very powerful. You are cheating.
Cheating is cheating.
It doesn’t matter what I deceived
How could it matter?
If you just knew me and my sister
She will be more affectionate
No, we start from this number
I'm going to talk to you